So yeah, thank you.
Thank you for all sticking with it.
This is a lot of material to take in.
I think it's a pretty usable and fun to use library
for building interfaces.
I still use it to this day, just for my side projects.
You know, I do dabble around with like solid and htmx
and all those kinds of things as well,
but it just, it's old reliable for me to come back to React.
And he's sort of like something I'm gonna have to maintain
for a while and have a teamwork on all that kind of stuff.
I still think React is the best library for it, fight me.
So yeah, I'm gonna assert that what I taught you today
is 95% of what you need to know
about writing React professionally.
The last 5% is a pretty long tail
and gets into like some really strange performance details.
Like use transition and some of these things
I didn't really end up talking about.
If you're doing like advanced animations
or like animating between pages or something like that,
you'll need a bit more than I talked about today.
Or if you're building like libraries,
but for just building interfaces,
like everything that I did at Netflix,
I think that's fair to say,
everything that I did at Netflix
is encapsulated what I taught today.
So that should tell you something.
And I'll say, yeah, the last 5% is we'll be,
I'll be teaching you an intermediate React v6,
which is scheduled later.
So you might be asking like, what do I do from here?
Well, React v5, or intermediate React v5
has a lot of good stuff in it.
And another dashing gentleman
in a very nice looking sweater there.
I go through all the hooks that exist in React 18 in depth.
So reducer, memo, callback,
I didn't talk about any of these today.
We do tailwind if you wanna talk about that.
More performance.
Code splitting, we kind of talked about today.
You could probably actually end up skipping some of this
because this will be covered better with v6.
I did talk about deferred value and use transition.
We convert the entire project to TypeScript.
That might be helpful.
Redux and testing this, I moved that into intro
because that seemed more appropriate.
So that's out there for you if you wanna do that.
There's the front end master's learning path.
There's other stuff on here.
React performance, TypeScript, Next.js,
lots of goodies in there.
Next.js, remix, React router.
That's a goodness.
And then again, tailwind.
There's a great Steve Kinney course
on doing tailwind as well,
which is people seem to love with React.
Let's just talk a moment about other stuff you could do.
You could build your own app.
I always encourage people to build apps
because that's usually the way that I learn the best.
For work, I had to build an example app
and so I was like, I haven't used htmx very much
and so I spent a bunch of time learning htmx,
building a sample app, right?
So I think that's the best way to internalize this.
I just picked the dumbest idea in my head.
I was like, I'm gonna go build that.
One of the ones I just built recently
was associating my Strava and associating my Spotify
and then it would read what music I listen to on my runs
and then it would use OpenAI
to generate stupid titles for my runs.
That was it.
It's an objectively terrible idea, but I did it
and I learned a bunch of stuff
about the technology I was working with, right?
So do stuff like that.
I encourage you to build the dumbest apps.
Sarah Vieira is an awesome developer relations person
on Twitter.
She wants to bring back stupid
and I wholeheartedly endorse that motion.
One more thing is people like to deploy their apps,
which I think is kind of a cool thing to do
with this afterwards.
You can put it as a part of your portfolio
or I don't know, just learn a bunch of stuff
about infrastructure,
which I'm also very much into, obviously.
So I wanted to talk a second, I was like,
how would you go about deploying this app?
The first thing, so let's stop our server here,
is we'd made an MPM run build.
We already did that at the beginning of the course.
This will build everything into a very nice,
ready to go package here called dist.
So you have index.html and all of your static assets.
So that's cool.
That's all ready to be deployed to a CDN.
You would also have to deploy your API.
So let's talk just a second about what you would do there.
So this is the API.
The first thing is, this is all running on SQLite,
which there's another good course on Frontend Masters
if you wanna learn about SQLite that I taught.
So you either need to move this database off of the server
or you just have to accept that it's going to
not preserve your data long-term.
One of those two things.
Like if you don't care about saving your database,
by all means, leave it just the way it is.
If you care about saving your database,
there's a cool database company called Neon.
I don't know if you've heard of it, it's pretty cool.
You could definitely load this SQLite database
directly into Neon and then put the Neon connection string
in here.
I am 95% sure that this is just all very dumb SQL
that would all work directly with Postgres.
So you would just have to change from this SQLite driver
to something like the Neon serverless driver
or something like that.
It would be pretty fast to convert this
from SQLite to Postgres.
Or you could use something like Turso,
which does SQLite in the cloud.
All of those are valid options.
And then you'd have to deploy this to something like
Vercel or Elastic Beanstalk or something like that.
So if you're able to do that, deploy all your static assets,
deploy your app, change your database
if you care about changing your database,
then everything should just work.
Last thing you might need to move,
you might need to move the style.css
and some of the images over to this project
because that's kind of where they belong.
I was kind of cheating by making it available on the API
so that you never had to worry about
where the images of the styles were coming from,
but that might be the case as well.
Any questions?
All right, nailed it.
No questions, perfect.
Perfect dismount.
Thank you.